hey whats up its Thomasina out here with
coast-to-coast Inc TV we're here in
temecula california getting ready to
check out the body art buzz hey what's
up i'm chillin in the back here with the
body art crew in the body art both I'm
want you guys introduce yourself my name
is Josh Thorson I'd all the marketing
for the body art bosa hi I'm Anastasia
on the model for the body art bus dude
Gonzalez I'm tattoo artists and full
body modification oh do I grab Mike if
you want but I'm i growl I'm Anthony
sotelo on the shop manager also on one
of joeys apprentices who's this good
fella here bam bam yeah I'm bambam the
body piercer how about you hun i'm
courtney i'm one of the body our best
models with Anastasia I'm Joey I'm the
owner the body our buzz and tattoo
artist me and Duke it down on the ink
you know slinging we're still trying to
break our other buddies in you and last
but not leave i'm jordan nelson i am an
apprentice of Joey yes nothing about it
I guess
yo we're here with Joey Chavez and do
cim solace on the body art bus hi you
guys doing today right in there so tell
me Joey how did this all get started
with you well you know I've worked at a
number of shops and I just decided that
you know that I was more than capable of
doing you know open my own shop and
things like that and I had some hard
times doing in different cities and
things and then I realized I was making
my most most of my money from like
catching parties and things like that
and so I said you know what let's make
an official tattoo party mobile and so
that's kind of what I did you know it
took me about a year to get everything
up and running all the design and
everything like that and now you know
we're hit the streets we chat do
celebrities we go out and different
concerts events everywhere so it's
really cool I love it have a great time
Oh basically the way I got involved with
the body art bus was basically i did a
the body rock the arts concert and stuff
and they got kind of a win of what i was
doing out there and all that you know
working with a lot of celebrities and
stuff and what i did is i had closed my
shop before and i wanted to travel and I
thought about it I was like man was the
best thing I could do than to travel
around and join the bus with these guys
and now we're doing a lot of big things
and we're very grateful for it right on
so tell me what is the biggest thing
that you've done so far with it the
biggest thing that we've done so far is
we've done already a couple of little
events we tattoo tec-9 and its people
and we have a lot of big events coming
up like photo shoots um we got
interviews on the radios and stuff like
that and we have actually a show that
we're doing in San Francisco pretty sure
pretty soon and we actually got a little
invitation by a station that wants to do
a TV show what does but we can really
expose what we're doing so we got to
keep down them a little harsh you know
and I mean we've done let me the biggest
adventure be that I think would be Vegas
we went to Vegas and we did the biggest
rockabilly event wasn't it was the name
of that okay Viva Las Vegas which is a
great event we had a good time we went
to Vegas and did a lot of tattoos and
stuff like that but a good time people
dig it I mean we got to tattoo people
from New Zealand New York all over so we
officially gave ourselves a title the
world famous body art bus because we
have our work running around all over
the place now ok so for anybody
interested in working with you how do we
find you well you go to body our bus com
for sure I'm you can find all the info
on there we're also on Facebook you know
/bo dr bus so check us out
the website hopefully somewhere in the
future will be working with you guys
again thank you for having us Duke
Gonzalez Joe Chavez peace try it on
thank you guys well that's it for now
we're gonna hopefully wait and see what
we have to look forward here at the body
art buzz thanks but it's my little girl
I really big bright the mainland Lucy
you
do you want a shot